hello friends and youtube subscribers in
this video tutorial we will learn to
elaborate an origami fish well let's
see how it is done first
we will need a paper square of
color and the size you want
well we will fold in half carrying the
bottom to top
and we will take the right side to
left
in this way we rotate our figure
in this way taking this tip and
bending the
in this way unfold emos
and what we will do is take the corner
outward
and press in such a way that we stay
a triangle well we flipped our
figure and we will do the same taking this
side by the center
we press and unfold taking this
corner to this corner
all right up to get this triangle to
then we will take this point towards
above
and we will double this point taking a little
the tip from that fold
thus
we push
and we'll take this tip in half
and again we take the tip bending
the
in this way
well then we will take this side
bending and taking measure of that bend
bending out
in this way we unfold and put
our doubles inside
ok and we'll take the top tip
taking it out
until this fold that we have put
well we will have this figure bolt e
we will make our figure
and we will carry out the same steps taking
this corner
to the top
we will turn this corner to this one that
we have bent
and we go to this side through the center
we doubled this point towards
behind
and we will take measure from this side
for this fold
we bend and lift and put the
fold in
and finally we take this tip
taking it out
up to our doubles
thus
all right
finally we will take our figure
leading aside
in this way we turn and take
this side
to finish our good fish friends
I hope you liked it, do not forget
subscribe to the comment channel like
see you until next time
bye